Update invitations (user and organizations); update custom flow for using tokens; add guide on accepting organization invitations (#1509)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/custom-flows/embedded-email-links.mdx

- Recovering abandoned carts
- Surveys or questionnaires

This guide will demonstrate how to generate a sign-in token and use it to sign in a user.

<Steps>
  ### Generate a sign-in token

>   [Sign-in tokens](/docs/reference/backend-api/tag/Sign-in-Tokens#operation/CreateSignInToken){{ target: '_blank' }} are JWTs that can be used to sign in to an application without specifying any credentials. A sign-in token can be used **once**, and can be consumed from the Frontend API using the [`ticket`](/docs/references/javascript/sign-in/sign-in#sign-in-create-params) strategy, which is demonstrated in the following example.

Author: It's "sign in to"
"Into" is a direction, like "I'm going into a hole" I wouldn't "go in to a hole" I'm going "into it"

    -d '{ "user_id": "user_123" }'
  ```

  This will return a `url` property, which can be used as your email link. Keep in mind that this link will use Clerk's [Account Portal sign-in page](/docs/customization/account-portal/overview#sign-in) to sign in the user.

  If you would rather use your own sign-in page, you can use the `token` property that is returned. You can add the `token` as a query param in any link, such as the following example:

  `https://your-site.com/accept-token?token=<INSERT_TOKEN_HERE>`

  Then, you can embed this link anywhere, such as an email.

  ### Build a custom flow for signing in with a sign-in token

>   To do something with the email links you generate, you must setup a page in your frontend that detects the sign-in token, signs the user in, then performs whatever actions you want.

Author: ```suggestion
  To handle email links with sign-in tokens, you must set up a page in your frontend that detects the token, signs the user in, and performs any additional actions you need.
```

                  ticket: signInToken as string,
                })

                // If the sign-in was successful, set the session to active
                if (signInAttempt.status === 'complete') {
                  setActive({
                    session: signInAttempt.createdSessionId,
                  })
                } else {
                  // If the sign-in attempt is not complete, check why.
                  // User may need to complete further steps.
                  console.error(JSON.stringify(signInAttempt, null, 2))
                }
              } catch (err) {
                // See https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/error-handling
                // for more info on error handling
                console.error('Error:', JSON.stringify(err, null, 2))
                setLoading(true)
              } finally {
                setLoading(false)
              }
            }

            createSignIn()
          }, [signIn, setActive, signInToken, user, loading])

          if (!signInToken) {
            return <div>No token provided.</div>
          }

          if (loading) {
            return <div>Loading...</div>
          }

          if (!user) {

>             return

Author: [b2db49b](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/1509/commits/b2db49b782a5bf8771852b6eb993afe16f3301c6)
